## Issue to be solved:

Currently, it is impossible in the graph to speficify a 'potential' to supply energy. A supply converter can be given a supply value, but needs to be linked in such a way that it always supplies energy, whether there is demand or not. This leads to mistakes and makes it hard to make a realistic model.
It results in 'biomass_residues_for_firing' (see below) being exported, even though this is economically not feasible and therefore unrealistic.


## Goal: 

The ETM should be able to 'use up' a finite potential supply of an energy carrier from a specific converter, before addressing another supplying converter like 'import'. If there is no demand for the carrier from this specific converer, this supply does not get used up, so no export of unused carrier should result.


## Suggested approach:

1. Converters can be given a 'maximum potential' attribute to ensure they do not supply more than X amount. This maximum is addressed only if the converter is linked by a 'flexible' link, NOT if linked by a 'constant' link
2. Flexible Links from these 'maximized converters' to 'demand converters' should have a ranked priority, so domestic supply can meet demand, before imports do
3. The lowest priority converter should always be flexibly linked and not maximized, in order to ensure that demand can be met. In practice this will be the 'import' converter


## Simplified hypothetical example 1:

Wood is a resource that can be grown domestically, but is also available as a stream of residues. 
- Wood residues have the potential to supply X PJ, but need not be used. When demand > 0, these 'biomass_residues_for_firing' have priority over 'wood_growth' in supplying wood.
- Domestic wood growth has to potential to supply Y PJ worth of energy and only gets addressed if demand > X. 
- If wood demand > X+Y PJ, the ETM should import wood from abroad 


### Sketch of example 1: [converter]  ___link___

    demand --> wood_distribution -- f(1) --> biomass_residues_for_firing, max X # CAN supply X, supplies IFF demand > 0
               | \-- f(2) --> wood_growth, max Y                                # CAN supply Y, supplies IFF demand > X
                \--- f(3) --> wood_import, no max                               # Supplies IFF demand > X+Y   



## Simplified hypothetical example 2:

If one needs to specify that a certain amount of a carrier actually get produced, the associated converter should be linked by a 'constant link': to my knowledge this is already how the ETM treats this link. No changes to the kernel are required. Note that this would necessitate an 'inverse flexible link' to maintain energy balance:

 
### Sketch of example 2: [converter]  ___link___

    demand ___[wood_distribution] ___constant___ [biomass_residues_for_firing] # Max X. Supplies X
          |    |   \_____f(1)___ [wood_growth]     # max Y.  Supplies IF demand > X
          |     \________f(2)___ [wood_import]     # No max. Supplies IF demand > X+Y
           \_____________i   ___ [wood_export]     # No max. Export   IF demand < X


 